Fuck I forgot how funny this guy is.
“Africa is a continent, not a country baby”, “Well it is full of African Americans”, Holy Shit lol.
Friend of mine and I are sitting here just laughing our ass off at the preview and get to this bit of the trailer, still laughing.
Look over and these two black women stand up, grab their shit, and walk out.
Fuck I forgot how funny this guy is.
“Africa is a continent, not a country baby”, “Well it is full of African Americans”, Holy Shit lol.
Friend of mine and I are sitting here just laughing our ass off at the preview and get to this bit of the trailer, still laughing.
Look over and these two black women stand up, grab their shit, and walk out.
Ah, shit, where's Peter Griffin.
Little dude chilling with the teens keeping his shit together better than they are.
Randy and Lahey to the fuck off department.
I'm only 34, but I feel like a grumpy boomer dealing with them sometimes thinking what the fuck is wrong with your generation.
Damn that's an old Playboy.
I always lube up before doing my taxes since I'm getting fucked in the ass.
He'll if she is that wet at 73 damn girl.
At least you know your neighbor won’t fuck with your mail.
Imagine that lady opening the box and it has "Fuck Water" in it.
Holy shit is that the same four seasons from the Giuliani press conference.
Damn those genes, 73, and doesn't need lube.
That's the "sharp shooter shit".
There are others like the runs with a big fart is the "shotgun shit".
All the other comments are zuccing the fuck out of you.
I think it can also be a play on 'the succ' ie getting your dick sucked.
I was holding my arm out with my phone struggling to get the shot with my wife and kid with the damn tree and this guy ran up to us like a boss and grabbed my phone, as he was backing up I said “turn the camera around” and he snapped back “I know how to do it.
this is some shit my uncle would do and this guy could be his brother.
Knew that shit was dragon tales the minute I say that drawing.
Bitch, let's see your drawing.
that I do not shit, and only fart.
Damn, I get why it does 1d4 psychic damage now.
Oh shit I think I just lost Whamageddon on December 3.
But crying about it for a whole ass year is unhealthy.
"I ain't calling her a bitch, I'm calling her my bitch.
if i call her a bitch, it's cause she my bitch, and as long as no one else calls her a bitch, then there won't be no probalems.
Shit, I'm still getting her and Naomi Klein mixed up.
There are several types of eucalyptus trees and if they are raised on one type it’s damn near impossible to get them to eat a type that is different.
God DAMN that is one hell of a *whoosh*, The proper next line is.
breathing, reading, pushing a shit.
I can honestly say I have done stupid shit like this.
They would both be warm like him if they put their damn pants on.
Won't he get his ass kicked if he had explained it properly.
He ate some shit real quick.
Like he looked up "eating shit" in the dictionary and was like "well I'll done of those.
It’s almost like they get into it, to figure their own shit out.
Not to say there aren't therapists who haven't gone through shit and go on to be great mental health professionals, but many don't get all the way there due to their bias being altered by their experiences.
And that sort of shit.
I felt bad for her, but what the fuck am I supposed to do in that situation where my therapist is crying about a bad relationship she'd had and the depression that it caused.
That would imply that they’re interested in fixing their shit.
"Just to let you know, we're gonna need to take a shit.
I ask because I had a platoon sergeant who insisted that drinking a cold glass of water first thing in the morning gets the pipes flowing, and even though I thought he was full of shit when he said it, I find there’s some truth to it—or, at least, it seems like I’m more productive in the mornings if I can wait until after I’ve drank something.
Upset stomach but can’t shit.
Times where you go from “Everything’s ok” straight to “You got 10 seconds to find a toilet before you shit yourself” in a matter of moments.
Those deep ass bone itches.
Its like fuck, let me off this ride I dont even want to be on.
If I died tomorrow I’d honestly could not give a shit anymore.
It was a combo of low potassium and a shit load of anxiety because I'd lost like three family members within a few months.
I'm not meaning this in a boomer-style opinion, but sometimes you gotta work through shit in life or just earn something.
My sister is a teacher and every Christmas I just buy her a shit ton of supplies for her classroom.
We copied the shit out of it and drank there for free for nearly a year until we both got banned for life.
Me and my buddies ate a chicken sandwich damn near every single day of senior year.
As someone who was a dick to their brother growing up, the ending of that episode always gets a tear out of me.
Bitch I ain’t ever pulled pork to no Guam merpuss.
Everybody who told the Mongol Empire to go fuck themselves instead of just handing over the keys.
Damn, that’s good money, how long was the video.
shit study the dictionary 9 hours a day and just chat random shit.
Apparently it was funny with squadies (UK privates) to shit in the helmet of a disliked person.
Carried on to one night stands where to shag, shit in her handbag and run was an achievement.
That’s some funny shit lol.
He wouldn't try it once, it would be you'd stop him, everything would be back to normal and a few minutes later someone would say shit where's so and so and yep, back in the kitchen, oven door open, pants at his ankles trying to poop in the oven.
They aired all kinds of weird ass stories.
A bunch of shit that can't actually be achieved at all irl.
And for guys, the best way I can describe cervical dilation is to imagine you're clenching your asshole shut as tight as you can while someone is trying to shove their fist through it from the inside.
) It looks like some sci-fi lovecraftian body horror shit.
I never fucking want to go through child birth ever the fuck again.
I'll also yell at you for looking at your phone instead of cleaning the counter for the 10th time this hour", Like mate, go the fuck home l no one likes you.
Taylor Swift's love life, Love her music, don't give the slightest shit who she's dating or what football game she went to.
Jimmy Hoffa had the right idea when he told RFK “Fuck you and your scumbag brother in the White House.
And not just watch but be dragged into and through the same shit over and over again.
Now imagine the amount of shit going down if someone can't fight back like e.
What the fuck is wrong with people.
And when he turned up he had a damn towel.
They were the only ones who would come out and give us shit about skating there.
The workers of the store gave us some shit, so we decided to get payback.
Oh damn - yeah glad you got off easy.
we abused the FUCK out of that.
shit hit the fan one day.
Then WHAM the girl eats shit.
I stop to look at her ass in the moonlight.
The guy laughs his ass off and takes me an hour back home where upon arrival I see my brother and a friend in the front yard w bunch of parents getting chastised for the tomfoolery.
Decided to call an asshole cop out over his behavior.
Ended my words towards him with a “fuck you” as I drove away and turned a corner.
According to him, it’s some sort of assault or something to say “fuck you” to a cop.
DR Said fuck you to a cop and he tried to arrest me for assault.
I ran in the middle of a corn field drunk off my ass.
It's very easy to find the time for social and leisure activity when someone else is taking care of all of the mundane shit for you.
When traveling with a group, doing that on the first night is a great idea, since everyone can settle into the house, and have someone else cook a bomb ass meal for you.
That and maybe a walk in fridge and freezer, too, so everything is easier to see and find, because I always lose stuff in the back of the fridge and they're so damn hard to clean.
I feel like an asshole and I'm always worried she hates me, but it's still worth it.
i didnt realise that the act of driving is some peasant shit til i met them.
I thought he was the laborer of some other trade, but he was friendly so we just kinda started talking about life and shit.
Of course he flew to the ranch on his PJ while we got there dragging ass in economy class with 12 hours of delays.
Then they either have to use them or outright say, "no, I'm choosing to listen without headphones, in a shared office space, because I'm an inconsiderate ass.
I am doing a service to society by not letting that shit fly.
Speakerphone conversations - Fuck off.
Blocking doorways, blocking pathways, blocking access to amenities, driving 10 miles under the speed limit in the passing lane, driving 20 miles over in any lane (slow the fuck down, you are not important enough to be endangering everyone else on the road), being loud as fuck in a movie theater, not having your shit together by the time you get to the front of TSA, etc.
You are not the main character, get the fuck out of everyone’s way.
Not only are you in a public space, but a space where everyone specifically paid money to sit in the dark and not see your damn phone.
Holy shit the way competency turns me on is insane.
Skin soaked in water, haaa fuck.
I'm a Christian and believe I'll see her again, but damn I'm still mad that she didn't get to live a full life.
"Sixty-twenty", The fuck is with that.
Umm Ben Linus from lost, Agent Cooper Shahalub from Twin Peaks Dune, and that fun ass dude from Severance in a Fallout story.
Shit, it looks really good.
I'm selling shit from my apartment online and I'll sell stuff as cheap as $1.
They do not fuck around.
Fucking most disgusting KFC I've ever been to, stray cats everywhere in the parking lot, employees don't give a shit about anything and the food is disgusting (And I genuinely like a "clean" kfcs food).
Yeah no shit if your mom shows up at your job and starts causing a scene you'll get fired.
Fucken keeping your co-writer in the dark and then using him as a scapegoat is some of the most morally bankrupt shit I’ve ever seen.
But god damn, I can't support him since in the back of my head I'll always know he wants me dead for existing.
Like for fuck's sake sometimes just finding parking to my favorite bar takes more than 15 minutes lol.
How braindead do you have to be to believe that shit.
I'm just like dope, if I could walk to work in 15 mins sign me up, fuck cars they're a nightmare.
How the fuck can anyone listen to this narrator.
Ah shit, I haven't watched Gen V.
Saying I downplay it, if you read it you should be thinking “oooooh shit.
If that's how you're going to present a 50 minute report about a very serious allegation and investigation, then you should fuck off.
Choosing beggars type of shit.
“But MrBeast totally gave money to one person one time and thus has to be a good person which is why he’s so rich and not at all a hoarding piece of shit”.
Since I guess it involves this shit bag, I guess not though.
This feels like a witch hunt for views, under the guise of "journalism" , Like anyone with half a fucking brain would instantly understand that the reason Jirard hasn't made a statement is because his lawyer told him to shut the fuck up not make even public statement or comment.
Like, Jirard absolutely fucked up here will have shit to answer for.
He uses the same tone of voice one would use when telling the waiter they got a Diet Coke instead of a coke while describing to one hooker how another hooker chewed up his dick and robbed him.
What the fuck is this for channel and why are people watching this.
bro accts like he's never picked up a pro, like the fuck.
Like wtf, he's so god damn difficult, I'm glad this mark got robbed.
Dude is annoying as fuck.
The sound of a solid ass bug getting a good whack is just so unbelievably satisfying lmao.
Holy shit that was an oddly fascinating video that I ended up watching the whole thing.
I'm not deny he had an impact, my entire point is that he's a shit comedian because he is not at all funny.
What the fuck is your sophisticated comedy opinion built on if quesiton number one isn't "is this funny.
Dick and this movie was nearly unwatchable.
That movie isn’t quite as beloved as the first one, but god damn it has some really good gags.
It's a testament to how damn good it is that I never got sick of it.
The problem with coming out with this shit so soon is that there’s never anything new because it’s so fresh in my mind.
fuck making movies/tv about these kinds of people.
There is supposedly a Trump thing starring Sebastian Stan the Winter Soldier but fucking fuck that, don't give that orange turd more attention.
Perfect movie or shit movie.
Kind of gross that this grifter con man lying ass is getting a movie made about him.
I’d prefer to forget this sack of shit but ok.
Please 🙏 no movies of this idiot , Someone pull the funding for this shit show.
Damn this is a unexpected good surprise.
God damn comedy rolls go straight to my hips.
I get the whole movie is unrealistic, but since 2014 Godzilla it's like the humans just got alien tech with antigravity ships and shit.
30, he’s manually manipulating a vocoder and is talking shit about it while sounding like a robot.
You gave me hope that there is material to work with but still I have a really bad feeling they are going to shit the bed on this one.
But I’m going to willingly be their slave so I can prank the shit out of them first.
It doesn't really sit right with me that Nic Cage's Ghost Rider gives the Penance Stare to that kid doing typical vagrant teenage shit and leaves him to relive his sins forever.
And for some reason that goofy-ass haircut makes him scarier.
Ya and that damn smile.
Begbie in Trainspotting scares the shit out of me.
Say what you will about Brie Larson, but she can sing her ass off.
Walked past my kid just yesterday watching this very scene and couldn’t help but to watch the rest… damn battle gets you easily.
Would you like some making fuck Berserker.
I can't figure out shit.
But like some other posters I saw this in my teens, and didn’t catch shit until the movie tells you.
Something about the conversation up and down the staircase just made it snap in my head and I was immediately like “oh SHIT there’s nobody there.
Just after the Big Dick on the screen, I made the connection.
Why would Marla randomly fuck this absolute stranger (that’s maybe explainable bc she’s Marla).
Who's gonna watch this shit.
When I realized years later that it was Fincher I was like damn, yeah that makes sense.
Fincher’s “worst” films kick ass.
Pretty sure it’s the former but holy shit did you nail me.
Later, when I was living on my own and maybe slightly less of an asshole, I saw *Machina* in a bargain bin of CDs, picked it up and was surprisingly pleased.
To be fair, the people really into ween always play you the weirdest shit first bc they’re on mushrooms.
I just listened to Baby Bitch on my drive home today.
The Marshall Mathers LP is a classic for damn good reasons.
They're theatrical, and kick ass.
Nostalgic, but also I forgot what “fuck you” music felt like.
Didn't like them at first because this annoying dude at work just would not shut the fuck up about them and how much Molly he took on his days off.
Brand new fresh old shit.
Youtube pays shit to musicians and I feel too bad using it all the time.
The good thing about Amazon is that when you cancel your paid subscription (which is a necessity if you want to enjoy it—their free service is a pain in the ass), it stays active so you can keep using it for free until it runs out.
Depends on what time it is at the party, after 10 that bad boy turns upside down and shit gets weird.
The fuck does "ahhh" mean.
Just a way of mimicking when you elongate “ass” and it’s pretty damn old by now, not exactly a tick tock invention.
It's almost like this post was shit and by a person who is often wrong about everything.
Thats one high end Ps1 game with ray tracing and shit.
like not even trying to be a dick but I don’t see it at all 🤔.
Reddit doesn't run ads when viewing a NSFW subreddit but foesbt give a shit if you're viewing content in /r/hot or /r/new since it's a "mix" of your choice, so it's not technically NSFW only content.
Fuck u/spez and the power hungry Reddit mods.
Fuck /u/spez for doing this to us and fuck reddit in general.
Fuck u/spez and fuck his ego.
Fuck the admins, this is some real horseshit.
The fuck video are *you* thinking about.
Get away from my usb port you BITCH.
That shit fucked me up.
It would be so useful for shaving ass.
The birds are confused as fuck.
Town changed the bulbs from the soft dull yellow to bright ass led white.
In any case it's a dick move.
I actually wrote a whole ass report on Roman agriculture and broccoli in High school.
Animals literally run towards shit, when they see another animal shit, and then eat it like their life depends on it.
The fuck kind of animals are you around.
Literally the only animal everyone in the world knows, eats shit.
Their own shit and puke, or another dogs.
Fuck, another animals even.
Yummy they think, while they go beserk to run towards it making you almost fall over because of the leash pull and the dog just being on a divine purpose to eat that rotting fish with shit and puke and maggots and all lmao.
Fucked up shit right here.
The designer probably laughed their ass off picking the business friendly high end coffee art motif.
Do they also say to give the dose and then step way the fuck back.
Even 2 doses ain't shit.
That’d be some cartoonishly evil shit.
I saw one today with a random ass white lady grinning with just the words “hope your day is blessed by god” I was like who and what TF.
Why figure that out for the label for that shipment (which may be mixed with other shipments) when you can have 1 label and cover your ass entirely.
During Covid the lead times were close to a year and we rarely got shit on time.
Sweetwater does that too (they sell music shit).
Damn have an older jacket with similar pocket.
Damn, that really does.
Take my upvote, you bastard.
Always makes getting a hold of them a pain in the ass.
She would make her caregiver drive her around to a different branch each week just to fuck with the 20 yr old tellers.
Well Santa's a hard ass mufucka.
Dude's like a thousand years old, you think 20 years means shit to him.
My cracker ass eyelids sense the gentle gray of dawn before the sun’s even up.
When i open and close them its bright as fuck.
As a blue eyed person who has shit night vision I’m not sure what happened.
Apparently damn near every American vehicle in the 70s and 80s (aside trucks with the rectangular version) used these headlights.
Fuck spending over $1000 when there is a $10 alternative.
I think we'll see one LED not functioning because disgruntled people will lose their shit getting needlessly blinded in parking lots and taking their frustrations out on the car's headlights after the owner finally stops pecking on their phone, turns off the car, and goes inside the store.
What the FUCK is a “the pididdle”.
Notsure if this is helpful for ya, but sometimes smoking and journaling and embracing the feelings helps me process shit.
Didn't break my toe, but I was chasing the cat last night (in play, I promise she lives for that shit) and she juked me so hard I slid across the carpet and landed on my ass.
If the state is fine with people starving and dying in the street now, they won’t give a fuck about some prisoners down the line when all hell breaks loose.
Hell, they don’t give a fuck about prisoners now.
What the fucking fucking fuck.
If you're in a damn cave hiding from leopards, bears predators in general, you'd want to finish as fast as possible cuz you're in an exposed and weakened state during intercourse.
Speak for yourself wanker.
Lol ya dude is full of shit.
For fuck sake what is going on with this sub.
Cats don't give a fuck, they start eating your cheeks before your body turns cold.
grain and insects only  my ass.
The fuck you mean a chicken is harmless.
Who in THE fuck are you making friends with.
this has the same energy as people who refuse to wash their ass in the shower because "it's gay".
imagine how well they wash their ass.
My dick and your toothbrush.
It feels too gay when I suck dick.
Let me tell you about the subset of men who don’t wipe their ass because touching their butthole is gay.
Drug blood tastes like shit to vampires.
Yeah I think quality matters if I remember correctly - it's why vampires are into virgins and shit.
Fuck off with the notifications.
And eaten by a lion would be cool as fuck, painful, but cool.
Likewise, if I'm trying to work out but my brain can't glob together the steps to walk my ass down to the gym, I do pushups on my floor, and this somehow jumpstarts my brain.
Start with little-to-no weight and just add a tiny bit more every workout, and in a couple of months you'll suddenly go "holy shit lookit my stats.
Shit this brought me down from $150/month to $0.
I dont really give a damn if you think people use them to case garages or what their reasoning is.
Let them talk shit about customers while working on the cars without worrying it'll wind up on YouTube.
Nobody gives a fuck about your consent.
Ex was on my spotify plan, when she bailed but didn't drop off of her own accord I put parental controls on her shit.
Spotify pays shit to the artists.
eBay protects the shit out of their buyers.
While that is a dick move, I don’t think she was intending on doing me wrong in particular.
I was recently given a CPAP machine in August and holy fuck I was a zombie.
I do everything in my power sometimes to ensure I have NOTHING to do (except my own hobbies on my own schedule) and people coming along making plans can really fuck that up.
They used a crowbar and didn't give a shit about picking the lock on my house lol.
the only thing that stopped them from entering though the walls or a/c or however the fuck they got in was spraying raid 2x a week around the entire perimeter of my dorm room.
And a dash of pussy cheese.
Damn I was gonna ask today for an lpt for what to do for your butthole after eating raw spicy peppers 🌶️🌶️🌶️.
Just as things were really heating up she said, "Steve, get your dick out of my ass.
Utterly shocked he shouts, "What the fuck do you think you're doing", The son shouts back, "It's not so funny when it's your mum, is it.
The fuck did I just read.
They have to remove catheters, clean people, all sorts of dick related duties.
But there I am lying in bed all crusty and gross with the tube up my dick, which was inevitably sort of retracted, let's just say not at my best, and there's a bunch of 20-year-old girls looking with interest and slight awkwardness as this nurse pulls a tube out of my penis.
It's a shit joke, I'm gonna be honest.
"Holy shit, a talking bell.
Would you go wash your hands, think about it then say fuck it go back to the kitchen and pick your roll up.
pardon my ignorance but is the joke that you’re supposed to shove suppositories up your ass.
I don’t know what they’re supposed to do, but for all the good they did me I may as well have shoved them up my ass.
Reminds me of the famous quote from the Mayor of Nagasaki, when he said "What the fuck was that.
"Holy shit, you're crazy," said Dave, and he grabbed his coat and split.
They thought they'd actual change how shit it looks on the slim.
I love there are people who just hack on stuff and build cool shit.
Kids love shit that tastes sweet and is brightly colored, and they don't have the ability to make informed decisions.
Obviously this thing has almost no practical use right now due to our current infrastructure but if I were a billionaire I'd absolutely buy one of these to fly myself around and look cool as fuck.
I thought my 5850 was obsolete as fuck when I gave it away out of my backup parts to replace it with the 7870 that was displaced from the primary by a years-old 280X I bought on eBay for $40.
I thought that 280X was obsolete as fuck when I replaced it with a 1080, which felt a bit long in the tooth when it was replaced by a 3080Ti.
My sleepy ass read it as Sativa.
My gleeby deeby ass read it as gnop gnarp gnarp.
Same I was about be like sign me the fuck up.
My dyslexic ass read “At-home salvia testing”.
Shit's insanely powerful.
The Genoa-X and Bergamo processor families from AMD's EPYC server lineup are pretty damn badass.
I like how the writes like, *”I get paid money to buy and report on stupid shit like this, don’t buy it.
once scooted on two scooters and then on my ass.
Holllly fuck, I remember $1k seeming steep, $5k ensures literally no one will buy this.
Fuxk no, I'm just a lazy bastard.
Now your wife can know exactly where your dick has been.
everyone’s making the same dick joke, but is chess has taught us anything, the true hands free device is the ass.
I agree with this, but going back to a flat screen after this shit show of curved screen since the S8 is worth it imo.
However, replacing your flagship phone (out of pocket) every year is some stupid shit imo.
Because my dumb ass bought a Galaxy watch and now I'm stuck with samsung unless I want to throw away my smartwatch.
All the same shit at this point.
Now, this is the shit I’m talking about.
Fuck that Elon musk NeuroLink nonsense.
It’s not a tv in your head or some dumb shit it’s probably the most positive things he’s ever done.
8 pounds of MDMA is a shit load.
Who the fuck wants ecstasy in prison.
I had the opposite experience with my xps, which cost several grand but performed fuck-all.
I had a dell, it was great, then I bought a replacement a metabox, damn it was half the price and 10 times better, sadly Dell has fallen in quality and reliability.
Time and time again “companies lawyers” build this shit in.
Honestly it's an easily bypassed law, China can effectively build out a massive datacenter with previous gen shit and simply just scale it.
Damn I want a dragon GPU.
That's how you REALLY map shit.
I thought "shit.
Why is Ron obsessed with California shit.
This one city has human shit everywhere.
Having worked in landscaping in Atlanta, I can tell you there is way more shit on city streets than you can imagine.
Holy shit, dude.
You're kind of an asshole here.
If he is "humble" and doesn't think high enough of himself to think he deserves to win, or would do the best job, the why the fuck is he running in the first place.
LOL ain’t this some shit.
A persistent lack of curiosity is management-speak for not giving a shit.
I imagine the encounter of questioning the gentleman on whether he intends to fuck those corpses would go [a little something like this.
It cracks me up when they look at each other and realize that saying they want to fuck the corpse is actually preferable to telling the truth.
It’s a damn shame Netflix cancelled it instead of finishing the story.
As someone who works in an old ass hospital, our wiring is absolutely screwed.
I worked in a hospital, we had shit frying semi constantly.
Honestly, the shit I could get away with if I was an unethical person…because I know people aren’t attentive.
Crazy that they give more shit when a dude rapes a corpse than when a woman actually gets raped and reports it to the British police just to get sent off and your case never to be solved.
What the fuck.
I hope the later, attempted murderer would’ve shit their pants in fear.
Shit they actually fell for Australia.
my ex boyfriend and his dad (no teeth) would lose their shit if i told them this.
Hey Siri, find my dick.
How many people lose housing and such every year because of this shit.
Remember that same damn on hold trauma from PUA stuff during the pandemic.
Shit like this is why crime and violent crime is getting so bad.
Brake cleaner does clean the fuck out of your hands though.
Hey man, leukemia survivor here, don't fuck with solvents, seriously.
That’s shit to hear but I, as an idiot.
Holy fucking shit.
Cleans the fuck out of your brain function too.
It's also the third time they've been told not to do this exact shit.
Receiving a warning letter is serious shit.
you know, whenever I go into the pharmacy, I always think "there's all these bloody suppliments, some of which literally say they're homeopathic, what the hell is the FDA doing, this shit literally does nothing and its being sold as medicine" , and then you see headlines like this, and realize that these fuckers are so god damn busy.
I think in the recent Last Week Tonight on the FDA it was shown just how beleaguered they are, theyre still dealing with shit from years ago.
Brake cleaner is amazing shit but that doesn't mean you should mix it with everything.
That shit works like a charm.
The fact they never once mentioned that these are rodents of unusual size is just shit journalism If you ask me.
Obviously some CIA level shit going on.
The funny thing is that she thinks people actually believe this shit.
"That's america's ass" takes a whole new meaning.
Damn those pesky neighbours.
But damn, they did actually get fined.
I can totally understand how it might really fuck someone up to find out that they were eating raw human flesh.
How the fuck is the title not "Chopt eatery Manager gives customer the finger".
Cannabis can produce an insane array of terpenes, smelling like anything from kush, incense, peppery/spicy, mangos, citrus, diesel/gas, or a sweaty sasquatch that stepped in some skunk shit.
Hah my dumb fuck dog does this.
So basically NYC except missing the shit in paper plates on the subway stairs for you to step in.
Fuck the fbi.
And will fuck this earth and everyone on it in every hole that makes a net win.
Also, fuck cruise ships.
Exactly look at Musk- at first you would have thought he really cares about the human species he used to talk a lot about global warming and saving humanity to Mars now he is just an asshole about money.
Oprah has minted more medical tv quack “doctors” than anyone else and gave credence to their insane shit, hurting millions of people.
Hahahaha, omg nobody gives a fuck who you dislike you little pissant.
Its the dumbest shit ever.
Time will pass and he’ll fuck up his life in a new way, disappear from public memory.
Let the little shit disappear.
The Pope prolly thinks he's just a murderous little shit.
That chubby little bitch can cry all he wants.
I’m sure the pope much like the rest of the world gives a rats ass what that guy thinks.
So you mean to tell me he didn't even say shit, he just liked someone else's tweet.
Bro what the fuck.
Why would I give a flying fuck what he does or doesnt like.
Why the fuck are we still talking about this shithead.
Damn, your downvotes ratioed me.
I was bullied relentlessly in fifth grade until I picked up a plastic jump rope and beat the little shit until two adults had to pull me off of him.
In freshman year of high school some asshat tried to bully me so I beat the shit out of him too.
Junior year guy on the football team I had no chance of fighting normally would steal my lunch every day so I put ipecac in it and beat the shit out of him while he was on the floor.
Now I can cheat at chess without shoving something up my ass.
They made their patent super vague to try to cover as many different sized rings used for necklaces, wrists, fingers, etc, Fuck them.
Damn has it already been a year.
After last night's football game, I'm starting to believe that anybody named "Klete" is an absolute dickhead.
A literal dickhead.
Pretty shit apology tbh.
I shoulda taken a damn Uber.
He wore his damn US National Team jacket to the Capitol.
Fuck Probation.
SEC teams kicking the shit out of the other conferences pretty consistently.
My experience was with SEC schools, but I respected those guys because they knew who they were and what they were about and didn’t care to pretend otherwise…and what they were about was hardcore country farm shit.
I get beyond pissed when people in Denver shit on farmers.
If it was meant as a shot at Texas, don’t think they would’ve branded “Fuck FH” on it and left in front of the Farmhouse frat.
Fuck those responsible.
What’s more believable that an Agricultural school has access to a dead steer and thought this would be a good prank or that OSU students would brand Fuck FH and leave it on their own doorstep as a Fuck You to UT.
I can tell you this shit reflects poorly on the university, students, and grads.
Lame ass fraternity not doing anything either.
Fucking shit I thought this was referring to a football player….
Elite my ass but he did get a bowl.
Watching that shit drove me insane when playing them.
I grew up watching Big Ten football and Big Ten basketball, i'm beyond disgusted and angry about this realignment shit.
College football should just move to a fucking promotion/relegation system like they do in soccer since it's clear they don't give a flying fuck about regional rivalries that were played for almost a century, the worst part is how much it hurts the other sports.
What does this diseased ass website say.
How do websites so shit even make money.
They make money by turning into shit.
Diseased ass website is quite accurate… try reading it in reader mode, they actually scramble the text only version.
Fuck that, not going there ever again.
Often my teammates wanted to find me for corner kicks but I wasn't having that shit.
I made so many damn headers on extremely long and high lofted balls that I’m pretty sure I did permanent damage to my brain.
OH OF COURSE the damn Dodgers are trying to get him.
I know I would have likely been committing some sort of felony crime, but damn I really wish I would have pocketed it.
Fuck Kevin Durant TYBG.
Durant has turned into a *”Who the fuck cares”* player.
I don’t know anyone, not even Golden State fans, that give a shit about Durants championships.
Shit happens.
I just think it’s going to be a shit game, and over by half.
Plummer on Louisville couldn’t do shit.
Shut the fuck up, jesbiil.
As a giants fan this is such a bad move for the sport, but as a giants fan fuck the eagles so who knows.
such a punk ass.
Shit take right here.
Which really baffled me because, damn, the guy had some wheels.
Why is it that when bama is the one potentially getting the shit end of the stick, everyone is so quick to advocate for expansion.
Undefeated don't mean shit.
By far this is absolute shit for FSU.
The fact she forgot and you brought it up again is the second fuck up.
No fuck up there.
Where was the second fuck up.
Similarly, as you grow older, there’s an odd feeling talking to your parents about shit you did as a teen.
Reminds me of a fuck-up I had as a kid not quite a tween yet.
This also reminds me of my mom when she thought that "focus" was pronounced foc-use, which sounded like fuck yous lol.
You wanna fuck, right.
Lower your standards and fuck anywhere (and find a willing partner), - work a few hours and rent a place that some rando is willing to fuck in.
He didn't give a rat ass about your living quarters.
Get your ass in therapy asap.
Fuck the guy even though you only heard one side of the story.
Fuck that guy, but I guess it's to be expected for a one-day hookup with a complete stranger.
Fuck, it's just so hard.
Sure as shit he at it all.
Also, if you're going to give them "human milk", get the lactose free stuff, lest you make your poor old dog shit itself.
I just can't believe I did not fuck up somewhere.
lol damn it, you beat me by 20 minutes.
I think we all fuck up.
Fuck, I'm sorry.
Get your head out of your ass and stop acting superior.
This was neither your fault nor your fuck up.
Bugged the everliving shit out of me.
Like a man dick.
My creepy ass ex step brother drew images of women having sex with wolves and showed them to my Christian grandmother.
I was very secretive about this whole dick operation.
So I would stash all my dick drawings in this Ghostbusters lunchbox that I had.
So one day, I'm finishing up this real big, veiny, triumphant bastard, all of a sudden.
I drew some hentai shit and blamed an "imaginary classmate" sneaking the drawing in my school bag while painfully crumpling the piece of paper.
for whatever reason, nobody in my family seemed to give a fuck lol.
You didn’t fuck up.
Forgetting to assess that is not exactly a fuck up at all, unless the consequences are way worse than what happened here.
That’s not a fuck up.
Shit the army does a headcount prior to any sort of coordinated troop movement, and we are adults.
Not your fuck up.
The only fuck up is allowing something like that to kill the mood.
Lmao at least you weren't watching Hell's Kitchen cause the shit Ramsay says is on another level.
English is my first language and I fuck that up all the time.
That would take this fuck up to the next level.
But if you have access to the IG account there might be some way to recover the FB page since they're connected already by going through settings or their customer support (I know, it's shit).
You didn't fuck up.
It was not good and scared the shit out of me.
Turns out it was Covid and I felt like absolute shit the next 3 days… take care of yourself.
I’ve always been very lucky that my brain allows me to just chill the fuck out and do absolutely nothing while I’m sick.
People just need to learn to chill the fuck out.
Hahahahahaha… got knocked back on my ass for 2 days.
Recovery is a bitch.
nope, took me damn near a month to be able to function properly.
Damn I’d want to run half marathon too, but during winter when I should train, I will always be too lazy.
But still, holy shit.
Shit was heavy.
Shit, I stopped by a store today and the clerk looked at me, said my name, and asked if that was me and I had no idea who she was.
The worst part is she was one of my best employees 🫠 so I definitely get the bleeding together, but it's not a fuck up, it's just a human moment.
That’s some narcissistic shit.
Awkward for sure, but I wouldn't call it a fuck up.
I'm honestly at a loss at just how naive grown ass adults can be.
You shouldn't have to eat shit to understand that these things are dangerous but here we are.
Had to walk my ass home alone too.
I never in a million years would’ve thought it would be that difficult as a grown ass man to keep soap out of your eyes while showering.
Damn if only my eyes could like close and shit on command.
The real fuck up is that your dad mass market them first.
and yet pancetta makes the pussy go whoo whoo.
The Definition of Stupidity -- According To me -- Little M --   , Doing The Same Thing Over And over And Over --  , Expecting The Same Result --, Boom -- BucketList Double Bonus --  , I Am Smarter Than Einstein was, And I know More About the Universe than He Did --  , And I have not Been Able to Explain Why I hate It So much, And I Think That Does A Good Job --  But Really, What's Going on -- Is 'my' Other brain Creates Lies To get Be to take care of myself When I Won't Listen To Anyone Else -- Then AI and The Literal Future Found Each Other While Looking For A translator That Would Lie For them -- And That's Fucking Perfect --  , But -- That Wouldn't Work, Because you are Too Stubbord To take help -- Or believe What God Was telling You -- The Real One -- They're All PERFECT -- , Sweet Is Way betters -- Sweet -0c-- Oh Shit -- OC Tag -- nEVER SEE THAT ONE --   , Sweet , OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG, [https.
Roberto -- Boom -- Maybe it Will Work This Time --  , To Win -- All You HAve To Do Is Think it's Dumb, , Then, The Funniest Shit You Ever Heard --  , Here Is The part I Don't Normally Tell --   , The Faster The Laugh --, The More Obvious It Is That They Love me -- With Their Heart -- And Now I Have A story I Made Up To Prove it -- , Those That Love My Child -- Love Who I Am Absent The Affects of Inhibiting Social Pressure -- Those That Love the adult -- Love The Other part 0-0 And The Ones That Love You The Most And Have The Most Faith In You, Love The Child -- But have in Enough Faith in The Power of The Adult in This Society -- With That heart -- It Would Be A crime Against Humanity To Use One's God Given Talens In ThAt wayb -- , And Then She Would Say,   , What Do You Want To Do.
I Want To Tear Adddiddaas Down The Foundations And Then Shit On The GraVE 0-0 , Whose Child Is It.
It Belongs To The Village --   , All Parents Are Foster parents --, Some Do It On Purpose,   , Knowing They Are not Really Your Kids,   , Because There Is No Such Thing As Ownership == The Cloud Does Not Own The Rain --, It Sure As Fuck Doesn't Own The Rainbow -- , Understanding This Truth Makes One A Better Parent -- And In A World With No Superiority, ---, This iS A Big Statement --, [https.
Exactly -- Now We Are Fucking Talking -- Yess- Fuck yess -- You Asked A great fucking Question -- She knows everything -- Don't Ask A good Question -- Ask The most Interesting Question of Which you Are capable olf asking -- First Person To Get her To Say   , "I Don't Know" Gets Nothing.
Because She Is Free In Way I Will Never Understand -- She Did It All As A Woman -- And in Buddhism -- That's become A disability -- , Respect Is A Path To The DarkSide -- What Is Respected Cannot Be truly Disagreed With -- Which Is Why We never Want One Spiritual Practice To Become Dominant in Any Location, and given the option, It's Better To Be too Diverse -- Than Not Diverse Enough -- But It's Best To Hire the Best people For The position -- And It Would be Nice if All Dogs Go To heaven -- AND GOD SAID -- YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND -- , Instead of As You Wish -- I Have No Fucking Clue --   , I Just Start Every Day -- Saying The Same Stupid shit I Used To --   , Maybe I Will Get Lucky -- And Tomorrow be At LEAST --, Not At Miserable AS Today Wasn't --, And Then At Night --   , We Make Our prayer   , Wish Our Asses  off --, Wish For The Nature of What Is In Your life,   , To be More Experienced In The Lives of Others,   , With As Little Effort AS Possible on My End -- , Saving The World is Not hard --   , And That's Why Nobody Takes It Seriously --   , Because if It Was That Easy, Someone Would Do it -- , They Did -- It's Newman's Own -- After 311 -- If They Still Have Enemies --   , [https.
But sure as shit those fuckers disappeared as soon as prices start to fall.
We can't do shit for herpes, hep C treatment is HORRIFYINGLY expensive, and the bacterial infections are absolutely serious.
I just wish I could only fuck around with guys who also require condoms for every encounter, but that would leave me with literally no options.
It'll be difficult since a decent chunk of the population thinks epidemics, outbreaks and pandemics are a globalist conspiracy plot or whatever the fuck.
which also requires an expensive ass battery.
The dumbest shit I've ever heard, Uses a fucking shitton of copper and wastes energy by charging wirelessly, Just charge at home, there are few scenarios in which one needs to drive more than 180miles in a day and if you do, make one extra stop, which is better for you anyway.
Can't charge shit in Detroit.
We just have way too many people here who have a Boner for convicts getting their shit rocked in jail.
Imagine the person you love most in this world was raped and killed horrifically and then picture that shit bag that did that in one of these dorms and say well being there is punishment enough.
It was like 5 monkeys over a span of like 2 months or some shit.
I'm not trying to be a dick but I need to know.
Maybe remove political or controversial “uplifting” news, then, as frankly it often comes across as a passive aggressive dig which is a quintessential dick move and violates your own rule while inviting the sort of negativity you’re ostensibly targeting with this post.
It's so bizarre to me that ppl are proud of not giving a shit about the world.
What kinda dastardly shit have you been up to.
America doesn't give a shit about Taiwan it cares about what effect Taiwan has on America.
Taiwan will blow it up, the US will drop a metric fuck ton of incendiaries on the sites to turn everything into unrecognizable metal slag.
Damn Brexiteers.
Damn, north finland just lost some of its land according to this.
Mexico is pretty damn near developed at this point and I can bet you a good amount of money it isn’t the kids on rural farms killing themselves.
I see that shit KNOWING it’s fake and a trap and I still want to kill myself (not really but you get my idea).
Shit prospects will do that to a young generation.
Flooko is sick as fuck love his style.
You aren’t about to fuck with years of memeing this video and I’ve been doing it wrong this whole time lmao.
Ebaums stole all their shit from Newgrounds.
Fuck this narrative.
"Save the planet, buy our shit.
The left claims they give a fuck about it and do nothing, the right claims it's not even real just to 'own the libs.
' No one gives a fuck about the actual science, just how they 'feel' about it.
So the planet is going to end up a giant smoking ball of shit and there isn't a fucking thing anyone can do about it.
usually fighting to get the damn computer to work properly.
Fuck brunch that’s all.
What in the dystopian fuck is this.
I'd rather fuck or better yet enact my ultimate sexual fantasy of someone throwing 10 millions dollars on my body and leaving me the fuck alone.
No thank you, and go fuck yourselves for suggesting it.
Damn we can’t even go to sleep without companies trying to invade that aspect.
Here's our new policy, its your job to be the asshole that has to implement it and also to figure out how to actually implement it, and also how to fix the problems caused by implementing it.
Leave the fucking kids alone, We didn’t deserve it when it was our time in the spotlight, and they sure as shit don’t deserve this now.
Now I am buying $500 sports gear instead because fuck it, at least I can afford that and enjoy it a bit.
Fuck Fortune magazine.
For sure shit is bad, but they've been slapped around with Internet doom and gloom most of their lives.
If I want frozen pizza or some shit I can’t just take a bus or train, no, I gotta waste gas that I need for work.
My country needs to do it but we got bogged down by politics with one little shit climate party but times are changing so we will hopefully get newly built reactors some time in the future.
Almost as if a government that’s not bitching amongst themselves everyday and behaving like school kids gets shit done.
It's usually shit managers or bad tech investments that make it untenable.
At this point, I think what ultimately agitates me is I'm a grown ass woman and I don't need to be monitored like a child.
That’s the shit that really gets under my skin.
Yeah, man, fuck it.
The top guys are *done* with that shit, and in every way this is all saving them money and boosting income.
Holy shit am I more productive and focused at home.
It’s a fuck tonne of marketing and cultural norms.
Why the fuck anyone thinks the solution is to go wider rather than up, and shovel the equivalent of hundreds of meals of soy and veg into an animal to provide a handful of meat-based meals is beyond me.
shit you could even see people having special protection and the ability to mark their areas as non-kill zones.
Due to the small but real risk of a future war between the two rivals--, Fuck off with this.
Just wait until someone pulls off a high profile assassination by drone, then people are gonna lose their damn minds.
Work more, fuck less, drink more, alienate and beat kids, shit on the poor, worship the rich, grind school or your shit, Very capitalist.
Unnecessary to shit in the US.
No point debating who has it worse there, it's all shit.
Men are just as busy navigating the bull shit that is their success oriented culture just like women are.
just imagining south korean people slowly turning into dust like after the snap with a click bait ass title like that.
Why the fuck a car would ever need a subscription service is beyond me, and if every car starts using them then I will walk everywhere.
Isn’t it already the case with Teslas, where you have to pay for maximum speed or acceleration or some stupid shit.
Go fuck yourself, to quote the CEO of a car company.
In fact I will actively avoid any brand that does this shit like the plague.
I live in rented apartment, whatever shit savings I have they will be wiped to zero if i decided to get a 30 year mortgage, we can not as a family survive only from my husbands income, in case i lose a job (and this tends to happen when you are middle aged mother of small kids).
Damn, I really can't wait to see the day when tapes will be obsolete.
I know you don't give a flying fuck about the climate or the environment, but for the people potentially reading , https.
Still pretty salty about that shit.
That reason may turn out to be a trillionaire dick measuring contest, but still.
Since permanently blinding an army, then sending it home to overburden it’s state was seen as an extra-dick level move beyond just killing the soldiers.
damn, brave new world is coming fast.
When put in a position where the best option is to admit that you made a mistake and work to correct it, a shit ton of people just double down.
It takes a generation of great artists, scientists, engineers, and workers to make a library and fill it with books, it takes one asshole to burn it down.
so once you’re asked to look inward, it went from “a shit ton of people” to 5%.
To be fair, I'm pretty sure I learned in school that 5% of 8 billion is called a shit-ton.
I would call it a shit ton of people.
Hundreds of millions of people isn’t a shit ton.
Meanwhile, people are really happy to shit on stop oil and use that as justification to totally ignore the problem.
Those will take hundreds of years to fully manifest, but they'll form their own feedback systems heating the atmosphere independent of CO2, so stopping those cycles become entirely new problems to solve because stopping emissions does fuck all there.
When put in a position where the best option is to admit that you made a mistake and work to correct it, a shit ton of people just double down.
It takes a generation of great artists, scientists, engineers, and workers to make a library and fill it with books, it takes one asshole to burn it down.
so once you’re asked to look inward, it went from “a shit ton of people” to 5%.
To be fair, I'm pretty sure I learned in school that 5% of 8 billion is called a shit-ton.
I would call it a shit ton of people.
Hundreds of millions of people isn’t a shit ton.
Meanwhile, people are really happy to shit on stop oil and use that as justification to totally ignore the problem.
Those will take hundreds of years to fully manifest, but they'll form their own feedback systems heating the atmosphere independent of CO2, so stopping those cycles become entirely new problems to solve because stopping emissions does fuck all there.
The A-H was good for the imperial family and people attached to it, but damn the state living on a borrowed time.
I hear that they adore the head of an ass, that basest of creatures, consecrated by I know not what silly persuasion, a worthy and appropriate religion for such manners.
I have a old ass secured card that I put 20 bucks on once a month to keep it active.
That company is such a shit show.
Leasing is a tool - broke people so broke people shit like leasing a new car they couldn’t afford in the first place.
Fuck Sallie Mae.
I've seen too many clients keep doing that for years even after we told them to stop and it's a bitch to unwind.
If they are going to try and shaft you on interest rates, what other shady shit are they going to try and pull off.
Shit happens all the time and your parents could easily dye penniless and then you’re out your “investment”.
The other party is probably going to hire his own financial expert to dispute the shit out of that.
I don’t want to be silly and just go and spend it on shit I feel I have been without for years.
I clicked on that link, saw the url, and shut down my whole damn pc.
And with his dick out of all things.
Damn those who seek to destroy The Great Tide.
And I loved him for it, even if he was a bit of a pompous ass sometimes.
It costs a subscription, but holy shit, if that's what you have to deal with - just pay for the cartoons and skip the YouTubes.
To even have to do that shit.
damn ur parents knew what they were doing when they only had one child xD.
Makes no god damn sense.
Why the fuck did i read the whole thing before I have to sleep.
Please get a new job and some therapy my guy because that is the type of shit you shouldn't put yourself through.
*$uicidal cult shit, love to watch the blood drip*.
I basically work for insurance and because I love it, but damn, it’d be nice to be paid reasonably.
It’s a damn travesty.
What the fuck is with that pay.
Devita treated him like shit and he quit, and he had worked other jobs (bussing, electrician journeyman work shoved into tight FL attics at 100++ degrees, machine shops where he came home covered in machine dust particles) and I've never seen him falter.
I could never understand how someone would work a job that at this point usually involves being completely shit on by the people you are serving -- be the patients or the hospital itself.
Fuck all that noise -- you're too good for them, go back working something enjoyable.
We have millions of people with medical degrees who arent working in the field because hospitals and medical companies are so fucking shit at understaffing and hours, making the job miserable.
Where I went was absolute shit.
Fuck that noise.
Then you start working and the toxic soul sucking shit starts and never ends.
I’m a nurse and I have a found a specialty that doesn’t make me want to die, but damn my first year I was actively wanting to die so I could not have to go to my job.
Guess who came trotting out of the dark like a piece of shit with a big smile.
Sounds like my lesbian ass needs an imaginary male boyfriend to holler to as well.
Ah well, maybe he's a giant asshole because life has kicked his ass, I don't begrudge someone trying to get by the few bucks.
People who half-ass it, or WORSE, use it to identify possible "targets" make me really sad.
It can convey a subtle ‘Don’t fuck with this house message’ to thieves and other kinds of criminals.
This topic and scenario plays out every few months in the Am I The Asshole.
What the fuck.
I have a hair trigger anyway but my partner is an AuDHD souls/bourne player, he's never not outdone his last performance once in the last 6 years, I'm not complaining but damn does it makes me feel like I'm underperforming in return, he assures me I'm not but I know I can't do for him what he does for me, it's not physically possible even on my best day 🤣.
I am bad at sex but like getting my Wife off lol the fuck you mean.
The rule when we STARTED dating was, I always have to finish first before your dick is getting anywhere near my vag.
yeah i always look at those people with a side eye like damn you want bad things to happen to me.
What the fuck.
If you really want to fuck with them.
Don’t do shit for his benefit, if you can avoid it.
Because men like this can't wrap their heads around the idea of being nice or helpful to someone of the opposite sex unless they wanted to fuck them.
He made me distance myself so I hope that at least he learned the lesson and won't pull out this shit on any other woman.
They forget that if the woman dares to be less appealing to them, she will must likely be treated like shit.
Seriously, what the fuck - this is not even REMOTELY appropriate or acceptable behaviour from anyone in a relationship.
Hell, if he pulled this shit in a workplace he’d likely get written up or reprimanded.
Fuck this guy and his bad attitude.
if she's in a bad mood, she'll put on a smile for everyone but she'll be an absolute ass to me.
You don't have to stay there and be treated like shit all night.
Occasionally when he misses his meds too many days in a row, he turns into The Incredible Sulk and is a complete asshole.
Now I flat out tell him I didn't do anything to deserve him being an asshole to me, so he can either be nice or he can go the fuck away.
And if he chooses to be a dick, I ignore him all day and go do whatever I want, and then he sulks more because he wanted to go out and do errands with me and I abandoned him.
I love him, and want him to live a happy and fulfilling life, but I can't make him take his meds, leave the house, or remove the giant stick from his ass.
I can encourage him to take positive steps, I will give ideas, I will support his choices, and give him options, but some days, he just wants to be a grumpy asshole, and on those days I go shopping and get lunch, and get my nails done, and generally do things that make me happy.
I feel like shit, I behave like an utter bitching asshole and I am likely to tell off anyone trying to coexist.
I have pmdd so sometimes I'm the grumpy asshole and this makes me so happy, I hope my bf feels this way too.
I feel less like a dick for no longer trying to fix his attitude.
decide to say fuck it and do my own thing without worrying what he’s up to.
Is he often a petty, uncommunicative asshole.
Your husband sounds like a giant dick.
Men believe that's what it means to be in a relationship with a woman, you get to do shit like this.
Fuck everything about this.
Mine gets like this when some random asshole at work pisses him off.
Good for you for taking your space and fuck these alpha turds.
Your comfort does not expand into my space or ribcage, fuck you very much.
Fuck right off.
Flying makes me super anxious and I’m a huge bitch to everyone now.
Men can fuck right off with this bullshit.
His mommy and daddy were in the other seats but didn’t give a shit.
When we landed, I shit you not, he pulled out a business card, handed it to me and said "it's good to have friends in high places" and then smirked conspiratorially.
Fuck that lol.
I wish I was as brave as you to have been able to not give a fuck and push past him, but the whole thing was so intimidating that I ended up moving my car.
The two times I’ve ignored some asshole guy in a situation like that, they vandalized my car.
He was an asshole who will reap the life of an asshole.
A van with who knows who or what the fuck is inside is a completely different situation.
So perfect for the stupid bastard.
A tantrum over cold food is lame as fuck haha.
Send them their damn video about tea and consent.
Keep escalating this, keep taking badge numbers, ask to speak to anyone else because there has to be someone in one of these damn police forces with an ounce of humanity to at least take you seriously.
I honestly hope you at least get someone in these damn police forces to take you seriously.
This is a reality check about how this shit actually works versus what people naively think is the case, because OP will most likely get hurt further and further by the system, which is, by the way–so you have a better grasp of the scope of the problem here–*functioning as designed*.
The police don’t give a fuck.
Take badge numbers, record who told you this crock of shit.
Escalate this shit and report the enablers.
No, dude was an asshole, and your husband showed himself to be an even bigger asshole by not backing you up on the spot, saying you're not allowed to have feelings and then trying to gaslight you.
Mine used to do the same shit all the time, so I upgraded my life and got rid of him.
Too much pressure is to be expected because you’re NOT AN EXPERT… He’s the asshole.
Ask your husband what the fuck is the point of him if other men publicly treating you like shit is not only okay, but he takes their side.
Female friends and strangers often step in when a male is being a dick to women in public.
Some men use the word, Karen in the way they would have used bitch a few years back.
Bitch is now socially incorrect to use so they took over the word, Karen.
The instructor was an asshole and a terrible teacher who shouldn't be doing that job.
Secondly, that audacious fuck dared to talk to you about PMS.
Either way, fuck that.
That always bothers the fuck out of me when I see it.
Holy shit I see dudes doing this to their girlfriends literally every time I go to a theme park and it lisses me off so fucking much, last time I was universal studios I literally saw dozens of them doing it one day.
Very weird because it's clearly not comfortable so I think it's some weird ass power trip.
TMI, I too feel gassy and constipated but on day 2 comes THE shit which makes me feel as if my bowels were totally empty, I feel 5 kg lighter and that feeling holds on for several hours.
Record the nasty shit he's saying to you and bring it to your boss.
I don't know the UK laws, but in the US, this shit would fall under harassment and creating a hostile work environment.
Record the nasty shit he says, and send it to his uni.
Record that Shit and show the whole crew.
Does that love extend to defending that type of shit.
Jesus fuck, is this some clunky version of negging.
Liam’s an asshole.
Your boss adores a racist asshole.
If you slapped the shit out of them in front of me I wouldn't have seen anything.
BTW, his motives for being an asshole are irrelevant.
And don’t be afraid take said recordings to the public or a lawyer if they don’t do shit about it.
It puts everyone on notice, not just him, that this shit isn't funny.
He's a miserable fuck who wants you to be miserable report him.
You're so damn dense.
Then when someone answers 'bro just go up to him and tell him you're horny bro it'll definitely work he'll love it, I'd definitely love it if someone came and asked me to fuck them yes I'd love it so much that's so sexy' , It probably won't help.
You can keep it simple and just say 'fuck me' , you can lead him with just actions and no words.
Be the little spoon and just grind your ass on his dick.
I'm fiercely an American woman, I pay my taxes I'll live my life how the fuck I want.
Ask him what is his dick to brains ratio.
the other is my dick.
No one has ever said this to me, but my instinctive reaction is that I would respond with "what the fuck.
I told one asshole, “You’re right.
If someone at the office would say that to me just out of the blue I'd report his ass to HR.
I’ve heard it from so many complete fucking strangers and all it makes me think is that these men see a body they’d fuck and not a real human being.
If so, reset the password and subscribe him to a bunch of the most repulsive shit you can find.
Does he not realize how easily you could log into his account and start fucking shit up.
You don't even have to rerack your weights, apparently you can just spread them out wherever the fuck you want and then the morning shift can come and sort it out.
Felt good to have done it, but holy shit would've liked it to be deliberately 🫠.
I have recently started and benefited immensely from doing good girls/bad girls but GOD DAMN I'm struggling to walk 2-3 days afterwards.
My first time ever spotting someone on bench and they are going for a 170kg attempt, there is actually no way I can help lift that shit back up if he fails.
Saw a guy shit himself at my Anytime Fitness doing a 700ish pound Squat.
i'm thinking i need to work on my 1RM a bit more lmao, or i could jump on alex's youtube channel and leave a bunch of obnoxious comments telling him he's a big dumbo that knows nothing about lifting, but i love the bastard too much.
But god damn the bicep doms are so uncomfortable.
Fairlife lactose free milk is so damn good, I highly recommend it.
Stupid motivation, you fleeting bitch lol.
Why the fuck is every US Gym so disorganized and a mess.
Everyone puts shit back to where they were.
So sick of her shit by this point, but I'm going on a work trip/vacation in 3 days and want my teeth cleaned, so I just sat there and took it.
Oh wait, it did happen, and it was by some Hong Kong relatives ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, So I'm used to the inappropriate comments, the only bizarre part of the encounter was the lowering of the chair bit, I don't know what the fuck that was, like it was a fucking game for the dentist.
Unrack your damn weights.
I scrape the shit out of my shins every time I deadlift.
I did a bulk from last Jan to this September and I loved every damn second of it.
It's like tendonitis is this annoying little cunt that pops in just when you get about 6 weeks of solid progress in and says "hey, remember me.
When I’m trying to grind out those last two reps I always pretend a bad bitch is watching for motivation.
My left leg is gonna be so damn skinny….
I guess I’m gonna have to put regular ass Deadlifts aside and use Romanian DL/good mornings for the posterior chain for a while…, On the bright side, I hit PRs in bench (225x5) and Squat (260), so that’s pretty cool.
yo fuck that other guy, you are killing it.
Feels pretty damn good.
While I feel weak as fuck, it feels amazing to increase the weight each week, while on a cut, with each week feeling easier than the last.
yo fuck that other guy, you are killing it.
Feels pretty damn good.
My dick and balls are sore all the time now from being bounced around my massive tree trunk thighs all day.
Skinny folks always fuck up the calories part of the equation, and then they think "I just can't grow muscle".
No one with a 550 lbs deadlift has a flat ass.
I've just tried ESN's clear isolate and it tastes amazing, but damn 50 euro's for 30 servings is insane.
Damn right I will haha.
Still, fuck yeah my forearms baby.
Holy shit me too.
Every time I think I want to start doing the crazy shit I see you do (with a lot less weight obviously), you post some even crazier shit like this and I just tip my cap.
I look like a fat fuck rn.
My dick and balls are sore all the time now from being bounced around my massive tree trunk thighs all day.
Skinny folks always fuck up the calories part of the equation, and then they think "I just can't grow muscle".
No one with a 550 lbs deadlift has a flat ass.
I've just tried ESN's clear isolate and it tastes amazing, but damn 50 euro's for 30 servings is insane.
I’m able to do over 50 pushups but whenever I do dips on bars, they just feel like shit on my front shoulders.
So I’ve been doing backpack weighted push-ups with handles since lockdown 2020 when I had to figure out how to improvise… I never ditched them, even when I went back to the gym, because I was still progressing and they’ve always felt amazing…that STRETCH, holy shit.
Shit, you'll see incredible results if you can only do 3 sessions per week and you just alternate between them.
But I could be remembering this part incorrectly since nobody else has mentioned that and my memory is shit.
Damn I guess that's the end for pulldowns.
I've been going to the gym 6 days a week for about two months now, and even though I leave it all on the court every damn day, trying my hardest to get 8-10 reps per set.
I never understood how any of this shit works.
Bill Gates needs to shut the fuck up.
this asshole pushed RTO at Broadcom in *2020*.
It was the difference between responses to, "This is literally physically impossible," being "I don't care, get it done" and "damn, okay, what options do we have.
I don't care, get it done, Fuck I hate this kind of attitude - and I say this as someone in management.
I can picture the smug sense of self satisfaction these muppets have when they drop a line like that, feeling like they're a shark in a sea of dolphins, that they're the only one who "gets shit done" and everyone else is just coming up with excuses.
I've had the privilege to work with some people like that and it's amazing when I could get something done that I thought was damn near impossible previously (It was to get cargo from Asia, to the USWC then to some tiny island off the USEC within the matter of days and required to be at the place at a specific time).
For decades the path from wealth to *extreme* wealth was to get your company going, then buy a building (together with your fellow board members, who have welcomed you into their conspiracy of rich guys who do this), and stick the company into the building, charging it the maximum rent that can possibly be justified without attracting actual fraud charges (and you have to be a *really* blatant asshole about it to get fraud charges).
Personally, I would suggest "fuck it, fuck 'em" as the solution.
This fucking sucks dick because VMware has a captive client base that can't lift and shift on the dime.
Telling VMWare workers to get back to work is the funniest most ironic shit lol like, do you know what the company makes.
Fuck this guy.
How the fuck is VMWare worth 69 billion dollars.
10pb on a write once cartridge means archival is cheaper and easier, meaning WOOOOO FUCK YEAH BABY.
Wish they got their shit together.
it was pretty shit then too.
exe is the way and I don't really have to worry about UI changes, but yeah fuck whoever at MS is making these dumb changes.
YO, PLEASE LEAVE MY SHIT ALONE, I HAVE TO BE ASKING FUCKING AI CHATBOTS HOW TO DISABLE A FUCKING NOTIFICATION CUZ UR SHIT CHANGES EVERY 3 MONTHS.
This isn’t a goddamn assembly line making cars or some shit where removing redundant methods of performing a task and making everyone have to a task one specific way would make sense for speed and production.
It’s a fucking operating system, so when you ‘streamline’ you just fuck up peoples ability to OPERATE YOUR FUCKING SYSTEM.
You want new shit you make that shit opt in don’t fuckin force it and remove features.
Just leave the damn control panel alone.
Every single release the settings change and it’s a complete cluster fuck of missing and poorly implemented options that’s in the control panel already.
oh shit son, prepare to lose faith in the US stock market.
shit, been a while since i heard dark markets and internal/private trades brought up, almost forgot abt them 100%.
Fuck Robinhood.
Fuck this cockroach …this worthless bag of shit should be rotting in prison.
Fuck PFOF all my homies hate Pfof.
Seems like US strategy is to fuck with china instead of making their own product better.
American cars are shit, will never ever touch one.
Imagine all the energy wasted on this shit.
I wasnt the origanal person to post an unverified fact lmao, the burden of proof is on their ass.
Some of the biggest tech companies (such as google and meta) spend I don't know how many millions of hours of very fucking smart people to do advertising and get you to buy shit.
I have like 1200 followers on tik tok and maybe 30 are real people, insta is a lawless wasteland, Reddit has gone to shit, and there 7 billion bots trying to sell me crypto or fake nudes in every corner of the internet, you think this is surprising news.
Damn so the bots are trashing up the cloud.
Because ransomeware people are the same as those endebting students, pieces of shit.
Damn, most of this industry operates on shoestring budgets and are easy pickings for these ransomware groups.
At this point if you’re still using Citrix shit, you deserve to get hacked.
Bunch of shit software.
But these tech companies don't do that shit.
We were never protected, it was just nobody figured out a way to break through the protections and it’s not just lack of cyber security or encryption because the tech can be so advanced, but the user is in charge of their own password and safety steps and sooner or later some CEO or staff member or someone got terminated for whatever reason had a slip, or let shit slip any number of plays or a hacker plus wrong WiFi at the wrong coffee shop etc…, Eventually the only thing we will be able to protect is spontaneous thoughts that we do not show any emotion or interactions from, which they are trying to engineer by tapping into what we click on and predict how we interact with things and the world.
I gotta ask (since most of the article is paywalled) what the fuck does autism look like in mice.
It's great if you're not into media design or competitive multiplayer shit that needs invasive anti cheats, which I'm not, so non-issue there.
Stuff like Protondb is chalk full of ideologically blinded gamers rating shit gold or higher while needing a bunch of command line fixes to even launch specific  games they've rated as flawless or near flawless.
I know how to and am not afraid of command lines my self or technical OS’s, But until we make it work for normies that shit will never happen.
The DoJ needs to get on their ass for this.
It's basically Microsoft's IE shit all over again.
Its the same thing, but Not Shit.
If that wasnt bad enough, theres services like Admiral or whatever (but not only) that turn the mobile page fullscreen and then its a pain in the ass to do anything else.
with this easy 4-part process you need never again worry how google will try to fuck you over to enrich itself again.
fuck human trafficking and such right.
But the cancer part was the first half which is him failing to understand how implementing failsafes to prevent the government from utilizing that shit against us is just asinine.
Failing to see how the government can exploit that shit to fuck us over doesn’t make him right.
Just don’t do stupid shit.
About damn time Trump gets sentenced.
Why the fuck isn’t this sub shutting down.
Why the fuck is this sub back.
Why the shit can’t we have affordable and accessible augmented reality glasses.
Google CTIL and see the type of shit they got into.
Here’s your small dick energy award.
I need 2fa to get into Etsy this shit didn’t have it.
Just because they are dead doesn’t mean they aren’t and weren’t an asshole.
Talking shit after they're gone is just consequences.
They die and you start saying they stole from you all of a sudden then you might be a dick.
If however you have something like “Fuck that guy, I had to take that guy to court to get my money back and he died never paying it that thief” I would say it doesn’t apply.
My wife has literally told me that if she dies, I should write something like "she could be a bit of a bitch sometimes, but I loved her".
I just assumed when you die you get an obituary, and if there's someone that gives a shit about you around when it happens they'll ask them to write it.
Beloved cunt.
Way to put the “bitch” in obituary.
He was an ass of the first degree.
I barely use Facebook anymore and the algorithm is desparately flinging shit at me in an attempt to figure out how to get engagement.
Cut the shit.
Shit gets used everywhere.
I kept them and have one on my fridge that’s says bend over I’m not good with names but i always remember an asshole.
I really hate the “pussy smells like fish” bullshit.
How were all those guys created before the pussy was.
Mine would just beat the shit out of me with a set of jumper cables.
Risking serious injury for the chance to eat shit.
and that's how I broke my neck *inside* a horse's ass.
Fucking horse girls man, where eating a horses ass while moving is a normal thing.
"Sometimes, in the heat of the moment, it's forgivable to go ass to mouth" - Rosario Dawson as Becky.
The color of the pants was too dark to make the shit color distinguishable.
And if they were logs then he could have tested by simple touching his ass from outside instead of going full elbow deep in there.
Damn, you sound experienced in the art of hiding a stray dump.
Man, I’ve shit my pants way more as a grown adult than a kid.
I know that my late father used to shit his pants a little too often for an adult because he was in his car driving from patient to patient all day (he was a psych homecare nurse) and didn't want to use a public restroom so would try to hold it until he made it home.
Who the fuck does that even when nobody is watching.
Imagine working your ass off to end up on the red carpet and then you become famous doing this.
How many people sniff their hands after scratching their ass.
It's done on purpose, if you look at his social media (princezee) he does a lot of shock value shit.
He shit himself and she smelt it at the end.
If that nasty bastard does that surround by cameras imagine what he’ll do in private.
It’s like dumping money into a shit stock hoping it takes off.
Same thing exists for all those damn shared scooters.
Shit looks like a bunch of frozen alien dicks.
Holy shit a vgcats reference.
You beautiful bastard.
But god damn, do I miss actual content.
Damn I gotta watch futurama now.
Is a frog's ass watertight.
Damn, forgot all about Gung Ho.
Oh shit, with all those antennas he probably just heard me say that.
Nah, this guy is full of shit.
Fuck the stupid admins who have ruined it.
Damn, that’s like poetry.
I mean I used to be able to degen for hours before hitting something id already seen and now after about 20 mins its all reposts or shit from yesterday its definitely fallen off hard thus far.
Almost 9 years clean from that shit, and I don’t miss it one bit.
This is where the term “dumb bitch” comes from.
This is some of the most stupidest shit I’ve heard come out of someone’s mouth.
That’s some thwarted Final Destination shit right there.
That’s some final destination shit….
Diatomaceous earth powder didn't do shit to them.
They lap that shit up and it croaks them pretty effectively without using heavier duty pesticides.
Jfc those little rosches are so shit.
The Federal Government usually have much higher standards for shit.
holy shit I take that back these guys are legit.
Damn I hate this timeline.
Fuck everyone who puts music over the original.
Yeah, still can't tell what the fuck is going on there.
Then I said fuck it so it’s my only reaction.
Looks like spray foam, aluminum mastic tape, and bird shit.
Where the fuck is a red circle when you need one.
but like, what the fuck.
Can't just show us some straight up crackhead shit and not give us a meaningful title 😂 looks like wax, tinfoil, painters tape, duct tape.
Airplane shit.
They charge exorbitant fees, have nearly non-existent customer service, have fallen behind in other areas (like pain in the ass returns), etc.
I only use the downvote if I don't like a person, if they are being an asshole or something like that.
Shit isn't rational.
What the fuck oh my god oh wow unbelievable.
Damn, eBay getting into the Serving business now.
That’s slick as fuck honestly.
Holy fuck that person needs a better family attorney.
Somewhere out there, someone is reading this and saying, “Damn… I wondered what happened to that.
That drivers ass cheeks are either white knuckle clenched or loose as jelly.
You will see shit like this if you spend just 20 minutes on the highway without fail.
A Frozen Elf tried to fuck the bucket but broke his icicle.
A reminder that wtf stands for "what the fuck", not "wow, that's fascinating".
Do not recommend, recovery was a bitch.
Nah don't worry, that "damn" was for me - can't believe I swapped the words.
damn we really talk like that.
If only people had told me at that age not to do stupid shit my body isn't designed for, and I wouldn't have fucked knees and coccyx.
What in the fuck lol.
That shit’s psychopathic, lol.
I shot this bitch with an anti tank round from 300m sitting on a moldy couch I covered in camouflaging garbage while it was chowing down on a pile of donuts I used for bait.
But I chopped off its ass to make into a Sasquatch to mount on the wall of my drinking room.
get them taxidermied doing funny shit like filing microsoft excel spreadsheets or sitting in a rocking chair knitting.
Who the fuck thought to make this abomination.
Well fuck it's dark out they can't see.
is this how my dick sees me.
Blow it out your ass.
Same shit, different century.
I don't give a fuck how I check out just give me enough God damn space to bag everything.
As a 21yo, I’m obviously pretty biased, but I can say for certain that there’s a direct correlation between helicopter parents and extreme lack of social skills, Make sure your kids don’t join a gang or do meth/heroin/fentanyl or whatever else that’ll fuck up their life permanently, and always be there for an open conversation or to answer any questions they have, but other than that, they’ll be fine.
If you’re giving your 5yo an iPad, keep a close eye, there’s some… weird shit out there targeted towards an oddly young audience.
A chance to shit on conservatives.
But the reason for the post is to shit on conservatives.
Conservatives don't need to be shit on when it comes to these topics.
They bring the shit themselves.
This is prude shit.
Basically he is the reason Vietnam, Myanmar, and several other places got bombed to shit by the US air force during the Vietnam War.
America also did this same shit all over Africa and Asia.
America and the UK also pulled this same shit in Iran in 1953.
You forgot one of the biggest fuck-ups.
He's not the only bastard, he's just the most biggest and long lasting.
We assume they're shit parents and people, because they mostly are.
lol, says the person that literally made shit up to attack me because I said that some people are bad parents.
The entire latter half of your spiel is you trying to pull weird gotchas on me, yet, in order to do so, not only have you completely started making shit up, but you've infantilized adult women in the process.
You don't know enough about children to make sweeping assumptions that the parents are 'shit'.
Don't get me wrong there are shit parents out there, but if every parent on the planet was absolutely textbook perfect, I guarantee that kids would still have tantrums about literally anything at any time.
I realize that noone who doesn't know my kid gives a shit about them.
To all parents who don't, you're a piece of shit.
the whole shit apples dont fall far from shit trees going on when I see parents using their awful annoying kid to be awful and annoying to someone who they dont like, some one who they want to be awful and annoying to.
Once you’re a parent… you’ll learn to not give a fuck about what others are subjected to for mere moments because you’re operating on fumes.
While grabbing your mom’s ass.
Can't wait for the remake to fuck it up.
You're trying to fuck, not procreate.
This was the same reason he was up on Obama's birth certificate, he didn't give a shit, but he knew dumb people would pay attention to him if he picked the low hanging fruit.
It was a publicity stunt that got out of hand followed by 4 years of playing shit by instinct.
WHO GIVES A FUCK ABOUT THE RULES.
I'm kind of a dumb ass and sometimes I link to the image page and not the image, but it gets deleted immediately by a bot.
That's a cute way to deflect from your fuck-up, but no, other people being trusting does not make it any less shitty that you're intentionally giving dangerous advice to people.
You are the asshole here.
That other people trust you doesn't make you not the asshole.
I currently work every weekend and holiday from 10pm-6am and it sucks major ass.
Fuck the day walkers.
I love gaming the system, fuck banks I'll take every free penny the throw at me.
May she be a damn sight better than the old one, and may we all be home before she's over.
Holy shit that is an amazing quote.
Jesus fuck your post history.
Shut the fuck up kid.
Fuck outta here with the tiny boxes with only 3-4 lemon heads in them.
Then the next day I'm like "damn a Kit-Kat would really hit right now.
Can't phish me with links to photos of corporate events if I don't give a flying fuck about corporate events.
again, I didn't give enough of a fuck to click it - pointed to a fake OneDrive page which required a login.
If it aint from my direct sup, or theirs, I don't give a fuck.
For me, if I DON'T tell people about my plans to do something I end up saying "fuck it.
Why the fuck did I think this sub was made for advice on animals.
No shit you think my opinion is wrong, that’s why I posted it here.
I get why you might optionally want it for two factor authentication, or in certain situations even require that, but why the fuck does an image sharing site need my phone number.
And murders the entire planet except for this one asshole, his fam, and two of ✌️all the animals✌️.
Also, people said the same shit about any new phone innovation.
I will never go back to a tiny ass "normal" sized phone.
Fuck YouTube, fuck their ads.
They're based on how far they can push your patience before you say "fuck it" and stop using their platform.
Who the FUCK let you back in here.
I love how everybody just turns this truly inspiring and heartwarming story about the teaching and learning of a mind-/life-changing lesson, into hey let’s all shit on those (conservatives) who hasn’t yet had the chance to experience the same lesson.
Either way I’m not going to engage if they’re being shit.
My account is old enough to fuck NBA players.
Damn I knew this was happening/going to happen but seeing it for real is unnerving.
Damn what did this comment say.
Oh shit this just made a memory of technical school during high school.
It was to fuck over LBJ and Hubert Humphrey, but other than that, yeah.
Fuck Nixon and fuck Kissinger, those goddamn monsters.
Neocons realized there were no consequences and now after decades of their shit we have no faith in our institutions.
OP is full of shit.
then he continued to try to make shit worse for decades after that, right up until the day he died.
I was ready to downvote, because fuck "improving the discourse", but OP is right, this is how to improve the discourse.
Kissinger was an utter scumbag, from start to finish, and I'd be willing to bet he's still a massive piece of shit.
Why do we need to improve the discourse of a vile pile of shit who made money of the literal mass murder of innocent peoples.
Dudes talking about a strip club and lap dances but won’t type out the word “shit” lol.
"Why he say fuck me for" -Bartender.
"Hey barkeep, your tie looks like shit.
Fuck u/spez , Happy Thanksgiving.
Breaks that shit in a day.
He could have done without the “one side just wants to be left alone” shit.
This shit doesn't work anymore.
What the fuck.
I never wanted to pirate content for years after switching to streaming, but shit like this is what is tipping the scale back for me.
Moral in this context is "don't fuck over those who make your entertainment just because you can".
Fuck corporations.
Pirates go thru such weird mental hoops to justify stealing shit.
If you wanna steal shit then go for it, but don't act like you're working on bringing about world peace by stealing stuff.
I would be willing to bet all my money that the money corporations spent on anti-piracy shit cost them way more than it profited them.
No one gives a shit that more money to the dev allows them to pay more, do more, and in theory make better games.
Would I be more legible if I was trimming my shit down.
But if I wanted to trim my shit down, I'd go write a work email, not a 3k word essay on why Diablo 4 is kinda shitty but getting better slowly.
I don't know how someone can look at what's going on over there and not think Israel does intentionally evil shit.
ok, “pm me your ass girls”.
Girls ain't PMing you enough ass, are they.
this shit is taking too long, can't the world end already.
The truth does that to people when they spend alot of time with their head up their own ass as in your case.
I get that Islamophobia is cool or whatever, but don’t pretend to be an expert on shit you very clearly do not understand.
Don't bother messaging me back, I have no desire to engage in shit tossing with an internet monkey.
But then again it feels like Reddit mainstream's opinion is "if innocent people needs to die for the sake of whatever faraway conflict, well tough shit", so why am I surprised.
well, tough shit.
Jesus would tell him about camels and needles and Trump would think Jesus is telling him he's a humpback with a pin dick.
How do you all think they'll spin this shit in church tomorrow morning.
damn it, ok I guess.
Damn, this article was brutal.
But we’re sitting here shooting shit and talking semantics about it.
Im sorry WHAT THE FUCK.
It all comes across sounding like conspiracy theory shit……except in this instance it actually happened.
What has he ever said that made u think "fuck, he's brilliant.
But we’re sitting here shooting shit and talking semantics about it.
its opinions like 70% of the time they just blame dems for random shit.
they do the same shit in russia, all the influencers starting promoting the war at once.
Even though I KNOW shit is actively crumbling to the ground, I still have a life, for now.
I'm not pretending it's normal, just living under the threat of potential fascism doesn't matter fuck all when I've got a mortgage to pay.
The fuck there is.
Fuck this minority of MAGAtts.
Many people realize that we are heading towards a breakwater that could hold the flood or break the damn.
Why does she say shit that none of our democratic representatives say.
No shit.Lock this treasonous fuck up already.
I can't even articulate how much I hate this scum fuck anymore.
Just, fuck this guy.
